Alright! We are now getting into some
of the really cool stuff of Spring
Framework 5. We are gonna start looking
at Reactive Programming. Now you may not
have even heard of Reactive Programming
or may not have any idea what Reactive
Programming is. Don't worry. We're gonna
start off talking about just what is
this whole thing called Reactive
Programming and why it's such a big deal
and some of the common terminologies and
how it's been implemented. So reactive
programming has been around for a little
bit. It's actually some very old concepts
but now we're seeing some new modern
programming paradigms come into play
that makes it more appealable so you can
do some pretty interesting stuff with it.
The first few videos in this section
are gonna just be informational about
Reactive Programming and then we're
gonna start getting into actually
setting up a Reactive Web Application
using MongoDB.